Documentation - Update UG DG for bulk operation and priority (#266)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Performs operations on contacts in the address book that match the given condition.

Format: `batch COMMAND by/FIELD [=/EQUALS_VALUE] [start/START_WITH] [end/END_WITH]`

* `COMMAND` must be a valid command without `INDEX`. The allowed operations in `COMMAND` are:
  * edit
  * delete
* The `FIELD` provided must be provided, and must match one of the following:
  * `Name`
  * `Address`
  * `Phone`
  * `Email`
* A `EQUALS_VALUE` is value matching the exact value in the target field.
  * Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`.
  * If this value is provided, `START_WITH` and `END_WITH` will be ignored.
* A `START_WITH` is value matching the value in the target field with specific starting value.

> * A `END_WITH` is value matching the value in the target field with specific ending value.

Reviewer: Are they mutually exclusive? (i.e. you can only specify one).

Reviewer: Also, can you specify 2 different parameters in the same command?

Author: the if else check only followed equals if equals provided, but no strictly only one must be provide can change to mutually exclusive

Author: how can express the only one para can provide?

Examples:
* `batch delete by/name start/A`
  * Deletes all persons whose name start with A (case-sensitive)

> * `batch edit p/87438806 by/phone =/87438807 `

Reviewer: Wrong command, it has changed.

Author: thx fixed

Performs operations on contacts in the address book that match the given condition.

Format: `batch COMMAND by/FIELD [=/EQUALS_VALUE] [start/START_WITH] [end/END_WITH]`

* `COMMAND` must be a valid command without `INDEX`. The allowed operations in `COMMAND` are:
  * edit
  * delete
* The `FIELD` provided must be provided, and must match one of the following:
  * `Name`
  * `Address`
  * `Phone`
  * `Email`

> * Exactly one parameter of `EQUALS_VALUE` `START_WITH` or `END_WITH` must be provided.

Reviewer: Missing a comma here.

* A `EQUALS_VALUE` is value matching the exact value in the target field.
  * Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`.
* A `START_WITH` is value matching the value in the target field with specific starting value.
* A `END_WITH` is value matching the value in the target field with specific ending value.

Examples:
* `batch deleteperson by/name start/A`
  * Deletes all persons whose name start with A (case-sensitive)

> * `batch editpersonp/87438806 by/phone =/87438807 `

Reviewer: Missing a space here.

Author: thx changed

Format: `range COMMAND from/INDEX_FROM to/INDEX_TO`

* Performs the specified `COMMAND` on all contacts between the specified range of `INDEX_FROM` to `INDEX_TO` inclusive.
* `COMMAND` must be a valid command without `INDEX`. The allowed operations in `COMMAND` are:
  * edit
  * delete

> * The `INDEX_FROM` and `INDEX_TO` parameters must be **positive integers**, and refer to the index number shown in the **displayed contact list**.

Reviewer: This should be displayed persons list to be consistent with all other commands.

Author: thx changed

> * `INDEX_FROM` must be less than `INDEX_TO` must be supplied, otherwise the command will perform no operation.

Reviewer: Is it no operation or error?

Author: thx changed

* The resultant effect of the command is dependent on the performed action.

Examples:
* `range edit e/johndoe@example.com from/6 to/10`
  * Sets the email address of the 6th to 10th contacts in the address book to `johndoe@example.com`.
* `range delete from/2 to/3`

>   * Deletes the 2nd and 3rd contacts in the address book.

Reviewer: The person command has changed.

Author: thx changed

Format: `range COMMAND from/INDEX_FROM to/INDEX_TO`

* Performs the specified `COMMAND` on all contacts between the specified range of `INDEX_FROM` to `INDEX_TO` inclusive.
* `COMMAND` must be a valid command without `INDEX`. The allowed operations in `COMMAND` are:
  * edit
  * delete
* The `INDEX_FROM` and `INDEX_TO` parameters must be **positive integers**, and refer to the index number shown in the **displayed person list**.

> * `INDEX_FROM` must be less than `INDEX_TO` supplied, otherwise the command will throw error.

Reviewer: Small grammatical fix.
```suggestion
* `INDEX_FROM` must be less than `INDEX_TO` supplied, otherwise the command will fail.
```

Author: thx changed

* The resultant effect of the command is dependent on the performed action.

Examples:

> * `range editpersone/johndoe@example.com from/6 to/10`

Author: thx changed
